README.md, before:

# talks

Every talk has a pdf and/or pptx with the contents of the slides. Some have a README.md with extra details and some have extra source code that is as-is at the time the talk was given.

> Note: Slides do not tell the whole story of the talk, so take the stand alone slides with a grain of salt.

| Talk                                               | Where                 | When       |
| -------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | ---------- |
| SQL Server DevOps: Getting Started                 | Redgate Streamed      | 2020-08-26 |
| Azure DevOps: Not Just for Devs and Ops            | DAQAA                 | 2020-01-15 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | Principal Financial   | 2019-10-23 |
| ASP.NET Core 3 Workshop                            | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2019-10-03 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | Prairie.Code()        | 2019-09-13 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable ASP.NET Core Apps | Prairie.Code()        | 2019-09-12 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | HDC                   | 2019-09-05 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | HDC                   | 2019-09-05 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | KCDC                  | 2019-07-19 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | KCDC                  | 2019-07-18 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | CIJUG                 | 2019-07-11 |
| Blazor: C# Running in the browser via WebAssembly  | NDC Minnesota         | 2019-05-08 |
| Blazor: C# Running in the browser via WebAssembly  | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2019-05-02 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | Twin Cities Code Camp | 2019-04-13 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | Iowa Code Camp        | 2018-12-08 |
| Blazor: C# running in the browser via WebAssembly  | Iowa Code Camp        | 2018-12-08 |
| Blazor: C# running in the browser via WebAssembly  | KCDC                  | 2018-07-12 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.1 Fundamentals                      | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2018-05-03 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-11-04 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-11-04 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Prairie.Code()        | 2017-09-29 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Prairie.Code()        | 2017-09-28 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-07-22 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-07-22 |
| ASP.NET Core Fundamentals                          | Prairie.Code()        | 2016-10-27 |
| ASP.NET Core Fundamentals                          | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2016-10-06 |
| Intro To ASP.NET Core Tag Helpers                  | Iowa Code Camp        | 2016-07-23 |

Commit message:

add ndc sydney talk to readme

README.md, after:

# talks

Every talk has a pdf and/or pptx with the contents of the slides. Some have a README.md with extra details and some have extra source code that is as-is at the time the talk was given.

> Note: Slides do not tell the whole story of the talk, so take the stand alone slides with a grain of salt.

| Talk                                               | Where                 | When       |
| -------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | ---------- |
| The Background on Background Tasks in .NET Core    | NDC Sydney            | 2020-10-14 |
| SQL Server DevOps: Getting Started                 | Redgate Streamed      | 2020-08-26 |
| Azure DevOps: Not Just for Devs and Ops            | DAQAA                 | 2020-01-15 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | Principal Financial   | 2019-10-23 |
| ASP.NET Core 3 Workshop                            | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2019-10-03 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | Prairie.Code()        | 2019-09-13 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable ASP.NET Core Apps | Prairie.Code()        | 2019-09-12 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | HDC                   | 2019-09-05 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | HDC                   | 2019-09-05 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | KCDC                  | 2019-07-19 |
| SQL Server DevOps                                  | KCDC                  | 2019-07-18 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | CIJUG                 | 2019-07-11 |
| Blazor: C# Running in the browser via WebAssembly  | NDC Minnesota         | 2019-05-08 |
| Blazor: C# Running in the browser via WebAssembly  | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2019-05-02 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | Twin Cities Code Camp | 2019-04-13 |
| Security Headers Explained                         | Iowa Code Camp        | 2018-12-08 |
| Blazor: C# running in the browser via WebAssembly  | Iowa Code Camp        | 2018-12-08 |
| Blazor: C# running in the browser via WebAssembly  | KCDC                  | 2018-07-12 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.1 Fundamentals                      | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2018-05-03 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-11-04 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-11-04 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Prairie.Code()        | 2017-09-29 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Prairie.Code()        | 2017-09-28 |
| Building Large, Yet Maintainable, ASP.NET Apps     | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-07-22 |
| ASP.NET Core 2.0 Fundamentals                      | Iowa Code Camp        | 2017-07-22 |
| ASP.NET Core Fundamentals                          | Prairie.Code()        | 2016-10-27 |
| ASP.NET Core Fundamentals                          | Iowa .NET User Group  | 2016-10-06 |
| Intro To ASP.NET Core Tag Helpers                  | Iowa Code Camp        | 2016-07-23 |
